[doc][yba] Update add certificates docs. (#25867)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/security/enable-encryption-in-transit/add-certificate-self.md

## Prerequisites

> The certificate and private key must be in PEM format.

Reviewer: @ddhodge , do we need to have both certificate and key in .PEM format?

1. In the **Certificate Name** field, enter a meaningful name for your certificate.

> 1. Click **Upload Root Certificate**, then browse to the root certificate file (`<file-name>.pem`) and upload it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click **Upload Root Certificate**, then browse to the root certificate file and upload it.
```

> 1. Click **Upload Key**, then browse to the root certificate file (`<file-name>.key`) and upload it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click **Upload Key**, then browse to the private key and upload it.
```
